You fasten a lantern on your belt.
You light a lantern.

You fasten a hunting knife on your belt.

You put a piece of raw meat in a large sack.
You put a cup in a large sack.
You put a fortune-cookie in a large sack.

You stop using a large sack.

You fasten a small wooden shield on your arm, becoming very impressive.

You awkwardly wield a backsword, ready to fight evil.

You wear a pair of trousers on your legs.

You are using:
<held>               a torch; it is lit

North - Western End of Market Square
East  - Market Square
South - Craftsmen's Alley
West  - The Grocery

You are a male Eriadorian.
You are 18 years old. It's your birthday today!
You have played no time (real time).
This ranks you as Fuor the Man Apprentice (level 1).
You are five feet seven and weigh eleven stone and five pounds.
Perception: vision 40, hearing -10, smell -25. Alertness: normal.
You are a well-meaning person, always glad to help your friends.
You are carrying 0 pounds of equipment. Peanuts.
Your base abilities are: Str:17 Int:12 Wis:11 Dex:17 Con:15 Wil:14 Per:15.
Offensive Bonus: 8%, Dodging Bonus: 24%, Parrying Bonus: 0%.
You are not wearing any armour.
You have 24/24 hit, 76/76 mana, and 114/114 movement points.
Your mood is wimpy. You will fight to the death.
You have scored 1 experience points and you have 0 travel points.
You are not known for any acts of war.
You need 999 exp. points and 0 travel points to reach the next level.
You have 0 copper.
You are speaking Westron.

This is a loud place! You hear harsh voices, shrill laughter and the high sound
of glasses clinking. An endless stream of beer finds its way into the bellies
of the rough men who frequent this room. The swords are removed, however, and
it's usually very peaceful here. A sign hangs on one of the walls.
A large bulletin board is mounted on a wall here.
A fine marble chessboard with ivory and ebony pieces is set here.
A large stone fireplace with a roaring fire warms the room.
A barman watches you calmly, while skillfully mixing a drink.
A domesticated pony, beast of burden to many, stands here.
Tundur the Lamplighter is resting here.
A man passes by, intent on his business.
Exits: [North] =East= South West.

Market Square
There is an old street-lamp on the border of the street.
A rugged-looking man is standing here.
Tundur the lamplighter is walking around here with a lantern in his hand.
Exits: North East South West.

You are carrying:
a thick, soft leather jerkin (brand new)
a pair of trousers (brand new)
a thin pair of rigid leather boots (brand new)
a small wooden shield (brand new)
a backsword (brand new)
a map of Fornost
a plain leather belt
a hunting knife (brand new)
a large biscuit
a large biscuit
a loaf of bread
a loaf of bread
a lantern
a map of Bree
a quiver
a shortbow
a fortune-cookie
a cup
a large sack
a piece of raw meat

You are using:
<wielded>            a backsword (brand new)
<held>               a large sack
<worn on body>       a thick, soft leather jerkin (brand new)
<worn on legs>       a pair of trousers (brand new)
<worn on feet>       a thin pair of rigid leather boots (brand new)
<worn on back>       a shortbow
<worn across back>   a quiver
<worn as belt>       a plain leather belt

